README.md, before:

## Application
```
                     127.0.0.1:9090                      
                     +-------------+                     
                     |    gate     |                     
                     |  (Gateway)  |                     
                     +------+------+                     
                            |                            
                            |                            
       +--------------------+--------------------+       
       |                    |                    |       
+------v------+      +------v------+      +------v------+
|  gatekeeper |      |   nightfly  |      |  sunflower  |
|    (Auth)   |      |    (API)    |      |  (Frontend) |
+-------------+      +-------------+      +-------------+
```
## Install

Requires `local.yml`
- `gate`
    - `client-secret`
- `nightfly`
    - `client-secret`
    - `brewfather`
    - `rsa`
- `gatekeeper`
    - `credentials`
    - `jwt`

`local.yml` template
```
spring:
  security:
    oauth2:
      client:
        registration:
          nightfly:
            client-secret: <value>

brewfather:
  key: <value>
  user: <value>
rsa:
  publicKey: <value>

credentials:
  nightfly:
    client-secret: <value>
  sunflower:
    client-secret: <value>
jwt:
  persistence:
    password: <value>
    salt: <value>
```

#### Raspberry Pi

Platform option must be specified when building the docker images on raspberry pi

```
docker build --platform linux/amd64 nightfly .
```

### Authorization Code Flow
Client `simple_client` access api resources from the resource server `nightfly` *on behalf of a user*. In order to access resources the client first authenticates itself to an authorization server `gatekeeper`. The user logs in to the authorization server, grants the client access to user resources and finally an access token is granted to the client upon completing the **authorization code flow**.

*Note: Use `http://127.0.0.1` and not `http://localhost` in order for the configured redirect uris to match the uri from the browser*

Commit message:

Don't use cached jars after code changes

README.md, after:

## Application
```
                     127.0.0.1:9090                      
                     +-------------+                     
                     |    gate     |                     
                     |  (Gateway)  |                     
                     +------+------+                     
                            |                            
                            |                            
       +--------------------+--------------------+       
       |                    |                    |       
+------v------+      +------v------+      +------v------+
|  gatekeeper |      |   nightfly  |      |  sunflower  |
|    (Auth)   |      |    (API)    |      |  (Frontend) |
+-------------+      +-------------+      +-------------+
```
## Install

After code modifications run with `--build` to ensure a cached jar is not used
```
docker compose up --build
```

Requires `local.yml`
- `gate`
    - `client-secret`
- `nightfly`
    - `client-secret`
    - `brewfather`
    - `rsa`
- `gatekeeper`
    - `credentials`
    - `jwt`

`local.yml` template
```
spring:
  security:
    oauth2:
      client:
        registration:
          nightfly:
            client-secret: <value>

brewfather:
  key: <value>
  user: <value>
rsa:
  publicKey: <value>

credentials:
  nightfly:
    client-secret: <value>
  sunflower:
    client-secret: <value>
jwt:
  persistence:
    password: <value>
    salt: <value>
```

#### Raspberry Pi

Platform option must be specified when building the docker images on raspberry pi

```
docker build --platform linux/amd64 nightfly .
```

### Authorization Code Flow
Client `simple_client` access api resources from the resource server `nightfly` *on behalf of a user*. In order to access resources the client first authenticates itself to an authorization server `gatekeeper`. The user logs in to the authorization server, grants the client access to user resources and finally an access token is granted to the client upon completing the **authorization code flow**.

*Note: Use `http://127.0.0.1` and not `http://localhost` in order for the configured redirect uris to match the uri from the browser*
