nightfly/nightfly-api/README.md, before:

# Run project

### Local
The `dev` Spring profile executes the project without the need for external services, e.g., an H2 memory database. `prod` is the default profile.
```
SPRING_PROFILES_ACTIVE=dev
```

  
For running the app locally a set of key/value properties can be defined in `local.yml` to enable certain features.
Secret properties are likely to reside here and will enable the app to connect to external services.
```
# local.yml
authentication:
  enabled: true
supabase:
  url: <SUPABASE_URL>
  anon: <ANON_KEY>
  jwt_secret: <SUPABASE_SECRET>
brewfather:
  api_key: <BREWFATHER_API_KEY>
  user_id: <BREWFATHER_USER_ID>
```

If redis is enabled a local instance of redis needs to be configured. Docker compose provides a redis image

### Docker local
To run separately from dependent services (e.g. database) enable `dev` profile
```
docker build -t nightfly .
docker run -e SPRING_PROFILES_ACTIVE=dev -dp 8080:8080 nightfly
```


## Jobs

Regular applications should be run with the profile `cron`

## Optimizations
Spring AOT with CDS enabled. More than 80% of classes are loaded from CDS archive. Increases build times slightly by adding an extra training step

## Errors

Default error response on invalid json POST request
```
{
    "timestamp": 1702832386349,
    "status": 400,
    "error": "Bad Request",
    "path": "/api/batches"
}
```

Customized error response
```
{
    "status": "BAD_REQUEST",
    "timestamp": "17-12-2023 07:12:46",
    "message": "Invalid JSON request",
    "debugMessage": "JSON parse error: Cannot construct instance of `no.vinny.nightfly.components.batch.domain.BatchStatus`, problem: `java.lang.IllegalArgumentException`",
    "errors": null
}
```


# Application

![](docs/process.svg)

Commit message:

proc=full argument required for maven (java 23 + lombok)

nightfly/nightfly-api/README.md, after:

# Run project

## Issues

[Lombok and Java 23](https://github.com/projectlombok/lombok/issues/3752#issuecomment-2366819375)
> As of JDK 23, annotation processing is only run with some explicit configuration of annotation processing or with an explicit request to run annotation processing on the javac command line.
 
Fixed by using `proc=full` with maven for now
```
mvn -Dmaven.compiler.proc=full clean package
```


### Local
The `dev` Spring profile executes the project without the need for external services, e.g., an H2 memory database. `prod` is the default profile.
```
SPRING_PROFILES_ACTIVE=dev
```

  
For running the app locally a set of key/value properties can be defined in `local.yml` to enable certain features.
Secret properties are likely to reside here and will enable the app to connect to external services.
```
# local.yml
authentication:
  enabled: true
supabase:
  url: <SUPABASE_URL>
  anon: <ANON_KEY>
  jwt_secret: <SUPABASE_SECRET>
brewfather:
  api_key: <BREWFATHER_API_KEY>
  user_id: <BREWFATHER_USER_ID>
```

If redis is enabled a local instance of redis needs to be configured. Docker compose provides a redis image

### Docker local
To run separately from dependent services (e.g. database) enable `dev` profile
```
docker build -t nightfly .
docker run -e SPRING_PROFILES_ACTIVE=dev -dp 8080:8080 nightfly
```


## Jobs

Regular applications should be run with the profile `cron`

## Optimizations
Spring AOT with CDS enabled. More than 80% of classes are loaded from CDS archive. Increases build times slightly by adding an extra training step

## Errors

Default error response on invalid json POST request
```
{
    "timestamp": 1702832386349,
    "status": 400,
    "error": "Bad Request",
    "path": "/api/batches"
}
```

Customized error response
```
{
    "status": "BAD_REQUEST",
    "timestamp": "17-12-2023 07:12:46",
    "message": "Invalid JSON request",
    "debugMessage": "JSON parse error: Cannot construct instance of `no.vinny.nightfly.components.batch.domain.BatchStatus`, problem: `java.lang.IllegalArgumentException`",
    "errors": null
}
```


# Application

![](docs/process.svg)
